[core] feat(FocusStyleManager): add escape hatch (#5235)
palantir/blueprint: packages/core/src/docs/accessibility.md

- `FocusStyleManager.onlyShowFocusOnTabs(): void`: Enable behavior which hides focus styles during mouse interaction.
- `FocusStyleManager.alwaysShowFocus(): void`: Stop this behavior (focus styles are always visible).

> @### Selectivly ignoring the focus manager
> 
> There is an escape hatch to allow components to ignore the focus manager. This
> can be useful when you do want to always show the focus outline, but only for certain
> components, like a tree. This is done by applying `Classes.FOCUS_MANAGER_IGNORE`
> to a container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
@### Selectively ignoring the focus style manager

There is an escape hatch to allow components to ignore the focus style manager. This
can be useful when you do want to always show the focus outline, but only for certain
components, like a tree. This is done by applying `Classes.FOCUS_STYLE_MANAGER_IGNORE`
to a container element.
```

```tsx
import { Classes } from "@blueprintjs/core";

const MyComponent = () => ({

>     <div classname={Classes.FOCUS_MANAGER_IGNORE}>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <div classname={Classes.FOCUS_STYLE_MANAGER_IGNORE}>
```
